README.md, before:

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://i.imgur.com/J0jv1Sz.png" width="240" height="240" alt="critters-webpack-plugin">
  <h1 align="center">Critters</h1>
</p>

> Critters is a plugin that inlines your app's [critical CSS] and lazy-loads the rest.

## critters [![npm](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/critters-webpack-plugin.svg?style=flat)](https://www.npmjs.org/package/critters)

It's a little different from [other options](#similar-libraries), because it **doesn't use a headless browser** to render content. This tradeoff allows Critters to be very **fast and lightweight**. It also means Critters inlines all CSS rules used by your document, rather than only those needed for above-the-fold content. For alternatives, see [Similar Libraries](#similar-libraries).

Critters' design makes it a good fit when inlining critical CSS for prerendered/SSR'd Single Page Applications. It was developed to be an excellent compliment to [prerender-loader](https://github.com/GoogleChromeLabs/prerender-loader), combining to dramatically improve first paint time for most Single Page Applications.

## Features

- Fast - no browser, few dependencies
- Integrates with Webpack [critters-webpack-plugin]
- Supports preloading and/or inlining critical fonts
- Prunes unused CSS keyframes and media queries
- Removes inlined CSS rules from lazy-loaded stylesheets

## Installation

First, install Critters as a development dependency:

```sh
npm i -D critters
```

or

```sh
yarn add -D critters
```

## Usage

```diff
+    const Critters = require('critters');

+    const c = new Critters({
+      // optional configuration (see below)
+    })
+    const res = c.process(html)
```

## Usage with webpack

```diff
// webpack.config.js
+const Critters = require('critters-webpack-plugin');

module.exports = {
  plugins: [
+    new Critters({
+      // optional configuration (see below)
+    })
  ]
}
```

That's it! The resultant html will have its critical CSS inlined and the stylesheets lazy-loaded.

## Usage

<!-- Generated by documentation.js. Update this documentation by updating the source code. -->

### Critters

Create a Critters plugin instance with the given options.

**Parameters**

- `options` **Options** Options to control how Critters inlines CSS.

**Examples**

```javascript
// webpack.config.js
module.exports = {
  plugins: [
    new Critters({
      // Outputs: <link rel="preload" onload="this.rel='stylesheet'">
      preload: 'swap',

      // Don't inline critical font-face rules, but preload the font URLs:
      preloadFonts: true
    })
  ]
};
```

### Critters

All optional. Pass them to `new Critters({ ... })`.

**Parameters**

- `options`

**Properties**

- `external` **[Boolean](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Boolean)** Inline styles from external stylesheets _(default: `true`)_
- `inlineThreshold` **[Number](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Number)** Inline external stylesheets smaller than a given size _(default: `0`)_
- `minimumExternalSize` **[Number](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Number)** If the non-critical external stylesheet would be below this size, just inline it _(default: `0`)_
- `pruneSource` **[Boolean](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Boolean)** Remove inlined rules from the external stylesheet _(default: `true`)_
- `mergeStylesheets` **[Boolean](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Boolean)** Merged inlined stylesheets into a
  single \<style\> tag _(default: `true`)_
- `additionalStylesheets` **[String[]](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String)** Glob for matching other stylesheets which should be used to evaluate critical CSS _(default: '')_
- `preload` **[String](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String)** Which [preload strategy](#preloadstrategy) to use
- `noscriptFallback` **[Boolean](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Boolean)** Add `<noscript>` fallback to JS-based strategies
- `inlineFonts` **[Boolean](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Boolean)** Inline critical font-face rules _(default: `false`)_
- `preloadFonts` **[Boolean](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Boolean)** Preloads critical fonts _(default: `true`)_
- `fonts` **[Boolean](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Boolean)** Shorthand for setting `inlineFonts`+`preloadFonts`- Values:
  - `true` to inline critical font-face rules and preload the fonts
  - `false` to don't inline any font-face rules and don't preload fonts
- `keyframes` **[String](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String)** Controls which keyframes rules are inlined.- Values:
  - `"critical"`: _(default)_ inline keyframes rules used by the critical CSS
  - `"all"` inline all keyframes rules
  - `"none"` remove all keyframes rules
- `compress` **[Boolean](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Boolean)** Compress resulting critical CSS _(default: `true`)_
- `logLevel` **[String](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String)** Controls [log level](#loglevel) of the plugin _(default: `"info"`)_

### LogLevel

Controls log level of the plugin. Specifies the level the logger should use. A logger will
not produce output for any log level beneath the specified level. Available levels and order
are:

- **"info"** _(default)_
- **"warn"**
- **"error"**
- **"trace"**
- **"debug"**
- **"silent"**

Type: (`"info"` \| `"warn"` \| `"error"` \| `"trace"` \| `"debug"` \| `"silent"`)

### PreloadStrategy

The mechanism to use for lazy-loading stylesheets.
_[JS]_ indicates that a strategy requires JavaScript (falls back to `<noscript>`).

- **default:** Move stylesheet links to the end of the document and insert preload meta tags in their place.
- **"body":** Move all external stylesheet links to the end of the document.
- **"media":** Load stylesheets asynchronously by adding `media="not x"` and removing once loaded. _[JS]_
- **"swap":** Convert stylesheet links to preloads that swap to `rel="stylesheet"` once loaded. _[JS]_
- **"js":** Inject an asynchronous CSS loader similar to [LoadCSS](https://github.com/filamentgroup/loadCSS) and use it to load stylesheets. _[JS]_
- **"js-lazy":** Like `"js"`, but the stylesheet is disabled until fully loaded.

Type: (default | `"body"` \| `"media"` \| `"swap"` \| `"js"` \| `"js-lazy"`)

## Similar Libraries

There are a number of other libraries that can inline Critical CSS, each with a slightly different approach. Here are a few great options:

- [Critical](https://github.com/addyosmani/critical)
- [Penthouse](https://github.com/pocketjoso/penthouse)
- [webpack-critical](https://github.com/lukeed/webpack-critical)
- [webpack-plugin-critical](https://github.com/nrwl/webpack-plugin-critical)
- [html-critical-webpack-plugin](https://github.com/anthonygore/html-critical-webpack-plugin)
- [react-snap](https://github.com/stereobooster/react-snap)

## License

[Apache 2.0](LICENSE)

This is not an official Google product.

[critters-webpack-plugin]: https://github.com/GoogleChromeLabs/critters/tree/main/packages/critters-webpack-plugin
[critical css]: https://www.smashingmagazine.com/2015/08/understanding-critical-css/
[html-webpack-plugin]: https://github.com/jantimon/html-webpack-plugin

Commit message:

docs(readme): add swap-high preload strategy

README.md, after:

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://i.imgur.com/J0jv1Sz.png" width="240" height="240" alt="critters-webpack-plugin">
  <h1 align="center">Critters</h1>
</p>

> Critters is a plugin that inlines your app's [critical CSS] and lazy-loads the rest.

## critters [![npm](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/critters-webpack-plugin.svg?style=flat)](https://www.npmjs.org/package/critters)

It's a little different from [other options](#similar-libraries), because it **doesn't use a headless browser** to render content. This tradeoff allows Critters to be very **fast and lightweight**. It also means Critters inlines all CSS rules used by your document, rather than only those needed for above-the-fold content. For alternatives, see [Similar Libraries](#similar-libraries).

Critters' design makes it a good fit when inlining critical CSS for prerendered/SSR'd Single Page Applications. It was developed to be an excellent compliment to [prerender-loader](https://github.com/GoogleChromeLabs/prerender-loader), combining to dramatically improve first paint time for most Single Page Applications.

## Features

- Fast - no browser, few dependencies
- Integrates with Webpack [critters-webpack-plugin]
- Supports preloading and/or inlining critical fonts
- Prunes unused CSS keyframes and media queries
- Removes inlined CSS rules from lazy-loaded stylesheets

## Installation

First, install Critters as a development dependency:

```sh
npm i -D critters
```

or

```sh
yarn add -D critters
```

## Usage

```diff
+    const Critters = require('critters');

+    const c = new Critters({
+      // optional configuration (see below)
+    })
+    const res = c.process(html)
```

## Usage with webpack

```diff
// webpack.config.js
+const Critters = require('critters-webpack-plugin');

module.exports = {
  plugins: [
+    new Critters({
+      // optional configuration (see below)
+    })
  ]
}
```

That's it! The resultant html will have its critical CSS inlined and the stylesheets lazy-loaded.

## Usage

<!-- Generated by documentation.js. Update this documentation by updating the source code. -->

### Critters

Create a Critters plugin instance with the given options.

**Parameters**

- `options` **Options** Options to control how Critters inlines CSS.

**Examples**

```javascript
// webpack.config.js
module.exports = {
  plugins: [
    new Critters({
      // Outputs: <link rel="preload" onload="this.rel='stylesheet'">
      preload: 'swap',

      // Don't inline critical font-face rules, but preload the font URLs:
      preloadFonts: true
    })
  ]
};
```

### Critters

All optional. Pass them to `new Critters({ ... })`.

**Parameters**

- `options`

**Properties**

- `external` **[Boolean](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Boolean)** Inline styles from external stylesheets _(default: `true`)_
- `inlineThreshold` **[Number](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Number)** Inline external stylesheets smaller than a given size _(default: `0`)_
- `minimumExternalSize` **[Number](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Number)** If the non-critical external stylesheet would be below this size, just inline it _(default: `0`)_
- `pruneSource` **[Boolean](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Boolean)** Remove inlined rules from the external stylesheet _(default: `true`)_
- `mergeStylesheets` **[Boolean](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Boolean)** Merged inlined stylesheets into a
  single \<style\> tag _(default: `true`)_
- `additionalStylesheets` **[String[]](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String)** Glob for matching other stylesheets which should be used to evaluate critical CSS _(default: '')_
- `preload` **[String](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String)** Which [preload strategy](#preloadstrategy) to use
- `noscriptFallback` **[Boolean](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Boolean)** Add `<noscript>` fallback to JS-based strategies
- `inlineFonts` **[Boolean](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Boolean)** Inline critical font-face rules _(default: `false`)_
- `preloadFonts` **[Boolean](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Boolean)** Preloads critical fonts _(default: `true`)_
- `fonts` **[Boolean](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Boolean)** Shorthand for setting `inlineFonts`+`preloadFonts`- Values:
  - `true` to inline critical font-face rules and preload the fonts
  - `false` to don't inline any font-face rules and don't preload fonts
- `keyframes` **[String](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String)** Controls which keyframes rules are inlined.- Values:
  - `"critical"`: _(default)_ inline keyframes rules used by the critical CSS
  - `"all"` inline all keyframes rules
  - `"none"` remove all keyframes rules
- `compress` **[Boolean](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Boolean)** Compress resulting critical CSS _(default: `true`)_
- `logLevel` **[String](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String)** Controls [log level](#loglevel) of the plugin _(default: `"info"`)_

### LogLevel

Controls log level of the plugin. Specifies the level the logger should use. A logger will
not produce output for any log level beneath the specified level. Available levels and order
are:

- **"info"** _(default)_
- **"warn"**
- **"error"**
- **"trace"**
- **"debug"**
- **"silent"**

Type: (`"info"` \| `"warn"` \| `"error"` \| `"trace"` \| `"debug"` \| `"silent"`)

### PreloadStrategy

The mechanism to use for lazy-loading stylesheets.
_[JS]_ indicates that a strategy requires JavaScript (falls back to `<noscript>`).

- **default:** Move stylesheet links to the end of the document and insert preload meta tags in their place.
- **"body":** Move all external stylesheet links to the end of the document.
- **"media":** Load stylesheets asynchronously by adding `media="not x"` and removing once loaded. _[JS]_
- **"swap":** Convert stylesheet links to preloads that swap to `rel="stylesheet"` once loaded. _[JS]_
- **"swap-high":** Use `<link rel="alternate stylesheet preload">` and swap to `rel="stylesheet"` once loaded ([details](http://filamentgroup.github.io/loadCSS/test/new-high.html)). _[JS]_
- **"js":** Inject an asynchronous CSS loader similar to [LoadCSS](https://github.com/filamentgroup/loadCSS) and use it to load stylesheets. _[JS]_
- **"js-lazy":** Like `"js"`, but the stylesheet is disabled until fully loaded.

Type: (default | `"body"` \| `"media"` \| `"swap"` \| `"js"` \| `"js-lazy"`)

## Similar Libraries

There are a number of other libraries that can inline Critical CSS, each with a slightly different approach. Here are a few great options:

- [Critical](https://github.com/addyosmani/critical)
- [Penthouse](https://github.com/pocketjoso/penthouse)
- [webpack-critical](https://github.com/lukeed/webpack-critical)
- [webpack-plugin-critical](https://github.com/nrwl/webpack-plugin-critical)
- [html-critical-webpack-plugin](https://github.com/anthonygore/html-critical-webpack-plugin)
- [react-snap](https://github.com/stereobooster/react-snap)

## License

[Apache 2.0](LICENSE)

This is not an official Google product.

[critters-webpack-plugin]: https://github.com/GoogleChromeLabs/critters/tree/main/packages/critters-webpack-plugin
[critical css]: https://www.smashingmagazine.com/2015/08/understanding-critical-css/
[html-webpack-plugin]: https://github.com/jantimon/html-webpack-plugin
